I saw her through the window today She was sitting
in the Silver Spoon Cafe I started to keep going but
something made me stop
She used to love me a lot She looked lonely and I knew
the cure Old memories would win her heart for sure.
I thought I'd walk on in there and give it my best
shot. She used to love me a lot.
Sat down beside her and she smiled. Said, where
have you been? It's been a while. She seemed so glad
to see me Lord, I could read her thoughts She used to
love me a lot
She used to love me with a love that wouldn't die
Looking at her now, I can't believe I said goodbye
It would only take a minute to turn back the clock
She used to love me a lot.
Well, I reminded her how good it was back then. And I
said, you know, it's not too late to start again. We
could spend the night together, take up where we
left off.
Then I panicked as she turned to walk away. As she
went out the door, I heard her say, yes, I'm in need
of something, but it's something you ain't got.
But I used to love you a lot. She used to love me with a
love that wouldn't die. Looking at her now, I can't
believe she said goodbye. It would only take a
minute to turn back that old clock.
But
Lisa lost her smile
Painter's hands are trembling now And if she's out
there running wild It's just because I taught her
how The masterpiece that we had planned Is laying
shattered on the ground
Mona Lisa lost her smile And the painter's hands
are trembling now
And the eyes that used to burn for me
Now they no longer look my way
And the love that used to be Why it just got lost in
yesterday
And if she seems cold to the touch
Well, there used to burn a flame I gave too little,
took too much
Shall I erase the painter's name?
Oh, Lisa lost her smile The painter's hands are
trembling now And if she's out there running wild
It's just because I taught her how The masterpiece
that we had
planned Is laying shattered on the ground
Mona Lisa lost her smile
And the painter's hands are trembling now
And the painter's hands are trembling now And if
she's out there running wild It's just because I
taught her how In the masterpiece that we had
planned It's laying there shattered on the ground
Mona Lisa lost her smile And the painter's hands
are trembling now
Well, I was thumbing from Montgomery. I had my
guitar on my back when a stranger stopped beside me
in an antique Cadillac. He was dressed like 1950,
half drunk and hollow eyed. He said, it's a long
walk to Nashville. Would you like to ride?
i sat down in the front seat he turned on the radio
and them sad old songs coming out of them speakers
was solid country gold then i noticed the stranger
was ghost white pear when he asked me for a light and
i knew there was something strange about this ride
he said drifter can you make folks cry
Have you paid your dues? Can you mow the blues? Can
you bend down guitar strings? He said, boy, can you
make folks feel what you feel inside? Cause if
you're big star bound, let me warn you, it's a long,
hard
ride.
Then he cried just south of Nashville, and he
turned that car around. He said, this is where you
get off, boy, because I'm going back to Alabama. As
I stepped out of that Cadillac, I said, mister,
many thanks. He said, you don't have to call me
mister, mister.
The whole world called me Hank. He said, can you
make it 45 in your
¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶
Have you paid your dues? Can you call the police?
Can you open up your door screen? He said, boy, can
you make folks feel what you feel inside? Well, if
you're big star bound, let me warn you, it's a long,
hard ride. If you're big star bound, let me warn
you, it's a long, hard ride.
Now I lay me down to cheat
On the woman I love so And if I die between these
sheets I pray to God she'll never know
She's the best thing in his life. Why she worships
the ground he walks on.
She waits up for him at night and worries until he's
safely
home. She always believes his stories about
working overtime. And in 20 years beside him,
cheating's never crossed her mind.
Oh, but it crossed his early last summer in the
person of a neighbor she still calls her friend.
And with a little push from drinking one too many,
one night in the fall, he gave in. And now, he wishes
he could stop himself, but there's no easy way. So
he lays down with his lover, and silently he prays.
Now I lay me down to
cheat on the one
If I die between these sheets
I pray to God she'll never
know In his heart and soul He knew that he was
playing a game he could never win
But you know, forbidden fruit is sweet.
Why, it was sweet enough to make him risk it all
again.
And now, he's given up on looking for a way to fight
the feeling. So he prays this simple prayer and
hopes it makes it past the motel ceiling.
On the woman
I love so And if I die between these sheets
I pray to God she'll never know
I used to spend my nights out in a ballroom
Liquor was the only love I'd known
But you rescued me from reaching for the bottom
Brought me back from being too far gone
You're as smooth
as Tennessee whiskey
You're as sweet as strawberry wine
You're as warm
And
I stay stoned on your love all the time
I looked for love in all the same old places
Found the bottom of the bottles always dry
But when you poured out your heart I didn't waste it
Cause there's nothing like your love to get me high
You're as
smooth as Tennessee whiskey
You're as sweet as strawberry wine
You're as warm
And
I stay stoned on your love all the time
The old man was covered with tattoos and scars. He
got some in prison and others in bars. The rest he
got working on old junk cars in the daytime. They
looked like tombstones in our yard, and I never
seen him when he wasn't tired and mean. He sold used
parts to make ends meet. Covered with grease from
his head to his feet, cussing the sweat and the
Texas heat and mosquitoes. And the neighbors said
we lived like hicks, but they brung their cars for
Paul to fix anyhow. He was veteran proud, tried and
true. He'd fought till his heart was black and
blue. Didn't know how he'd made it through the hard
times. He bought our house on the GI Bill, but it
wasn't worth all he had to kill to get it. He drank
Pearl in a can of Jack Daniels Black, chewed
tobacco from a mail pouch sack, had an old dog that
was trained to attack sometimes. He'd get drunk
and mean as a rattlesnake, and there wasn't too
much that he would take from a stranger. There were
13 kids House full of chickens and a yard full of
hogs. I spent the summertime cutting up logs for
the winter. Trying like the devil to find the Lord.
Working like a nigger from my room and board. Coal
burning stove, no natural gas. If that ain't
country, I'll kiss your ass. If that ain't
country, it'll hair lift the Pope. If that ain't
country, it's a damn good joke. I've seen the Grand
Ole Opry And I met Johnny Cash If that ain't country
I'll kiss your ass
Mama sells eggs at the grocery store. My oldest
sister is a first-rate whore. Dad says she can't
come home anymore. He means it. Ma just sits and
keeps her silence. Sister, she left cause Dad got
violent and he knows it. Mama, she's old far beyond
her time. From chopping tobacco and I seen her
crying. When blood started flowing from her
calloused hand and it hurt me. She just keep
working, trying to help the old man to the end of one
row and back again, like always. She's been
through hell since Junior went to jail. When the
lights go out, she ain't never failed to get down on
her knees and pray because she loves him. I told all
the neighbors he was off in the war fighting for
freedom. He's good to the core and she's proud. Now
our place was a graveyard for automobiles. At the
end of the porch there was four stacks of wheels and
tires for sale for a dollar or two. Cash. There was
50 holes in an old tin roof. Me and my family was
living proof. The people who forgot about poor
white trash and if that ain't country I'll keep
track. If that ain't
country, it'll hair lift the Pope. If that ain't
country, it's a damn good joke. I've seen the grand
old I-3, and I've met Johnny Cash. If that ain't
country, I'll kiss your ass. I'm thinking tonight
of my new house. I didn't
know God made honky tonk angels and went back to the
wild side of life.
Country DJs knows that I'm an outlaw. They'd never
come to see me in this dive. Where bikers stare at
cowboys who are laughing at the hippies who are
praying they'll get out of here alive. Loudmouth
in the corner's getting to me Talking about my
earrings and my hair I guess he ain't read the signs
that say I've been to prison Someone oughta warn
him before I knock him off his chair Cause my long
hair just can't cover up my redneck I've won every
fight I've ever fought And I don't need some turkey
telling me that I ain't country. Saying I ain't
worth the damn dough ticket that he bought. Cause I
can sing all them songs about Texas.
And I still do all the sad ones that I know. They tell
me I looked like Merle Haggard
And sound a lot like David Allen Cole And the
barmaid in the last town that we played in Knew the
words to every song I'd wrote She said Jimmy Rabbit
turned her on to my last album. Just about the time
the jukebox broke. Yeah, Johnny Cash helped me get
out of prison. Long before Rodriguez stole that
goat. I've been the rhinestone cowboy for so long I
can't remember And I can do ya every song Hank
Williams ever wrote And I can sing all them songs
about Texas
And I still do all the sad ones
that I know I can't help it I look like Merle Haggard
And I sound a lot like David Allen Cole But the
country DJs all think I'm an outlaw And they'd
never come to see me in this dive Where bikers stare
at cowboys who are laughing at the hippies who are
praying they'll get out of here
alive. The loud mouth in the corner is getting to
me. Talking about my earrings and my hair.
Jody like a melody you play inside my head Tell the
thought of you is more than I can stand Just to think
of having you is music to my soul You make me feel as
though the world is in my hands Jody like a melody
you warm me and then leave me with a chill
I can't believe the sun will rise without me
looking in your eyes and knowing that your love has
made me strong. Why you left I'll never know. The
fire you built will always glow. I only know I won't
find you gone. Jody, like a melody, warm me and then
leave me with a chill
Jody,
I can't keep my thoughts about me in the daytime
When your memory's enough to make me blind And late
at night I lie awake and wait for you to come. And
when you don't, you know I almost lose my mind.
Jody, like a melody, you want me and then leave me
with you.
Jody
like a melody Jody like a melody Jody like a melody
Jody like a melody Jody like a melody Jody like a
melody
Jody rockin' the low key
Please come to Boston for the springtime.
I'm staying here with some friends and they've got
lots of room. You can sell your paintings on the
sidewalk.
Buy a cafe where I hope to be working soon. Please
come to Boston. She said, no, David, you come home
to me. And she said, hey, Ramson boy, why don't you
settle down? Boston ain't your kind of town. There
ain't no going. There ain't nobody like me. I'm the
number one fan of the man from Tennessee.
Please come to Denver with the snowfall
We'll move up into the mountains so far that we
can't be found And throw our love you echoes down
the canyon And then lie awake at night till they
come back around Please come to Denver, she said,
no, you come home with me. And she said, hey,
ramblin' boy, why don't you settle down? Denver
ain't your kind of town. There ain't no gold and
there ain't nobody like me. I'm the number one fan
of the man from Tennessee.
Now this drifter's world goes round and round And I
doubt if it's ever gonna stop But of all the dreams
I've lost and found And all that I ain't got I still
need to lean to Somebody I can sing to
Please come to L.A. to live forever
California life alone is just too hard to build I
live in a house that looks out over the ocean And
there's some stars that fell from the sky Living up
on the hill Please come to L.A. She just said no
David, you come home to me And she said, hey,
ramblin' boy, why don't you settle down? L.A.
ain't your kind of town. There ain't no gold and
there ain't no butter like me. I'm the number one
fan of the man from Tennessee.
Please come to Boston.
Please
come to
Boston.
Well, it was all that I could do to keep from crying.
Sometimes it seems so useless to remain.
But you don't have to call me darling, darling. You
never even called me by my name
You don't have to call me Waylon Jennings
And you don't have to call me Charlie Price
And you don't have to call me Merle Haggard anymore
Even though you're on my
fighting side And I'll hang around as long as you
will let me
Standing in
the rain But you don't have
to call me darling Darling You never even call me by
my
name Well, I've heard my name A few times in your
phone book
And I've seen
it on songs where I play But the
only time I know I'll hear David Allen call
As long
as you will let me
And I never Minded standing In the rain
But you don't have to call me darling, darling. You
never even call me by my name. Well, a friend of mine
named Steve Goodman wrote that song. And he told me
it was the perfect country and western song. I
wrote him back a letter and I told him it was not the
perfect country and western song because he
hadn't said anything at all about mama or trains or
trucks or presents or getting drunk. Well, he sat
down and wrote another verse to the song and he sent
it to me and after reading it I realized that my
friend had written the perfect country and
western song. And I felt obliged to include it on
this album. The last verse goes like this here. I
was drunk the day my mom got out of prison.
And I went to pick her up.
But
before I could
get to the station in the pickup truck She got
run over by a damned old train And I'll hang around
as long as you will let me
And
I never
minded standing in the rain.
Oh, you don't have to call me darling. Darling, you
never even call me. Well, I wonder why you don't
call me. Why don't you ever call me?
Last week he spent his whole paycheck on whiskey.
I know Friday night he'll do it all again.
Oh, he'll drink till he falls down. Then he'll
order one more round and then go home with That
bottle in his hand And the only thing I can hold on to
Is this bottle in my hand I know I'll never have to
share it With any other man I'm so glad you
introduced us And I'll do the best I can To be
faithful to this bottle in my hand
She told George that changing diapers could sure
become a drag. And to clean the house and cook for
him was not her kind of bag. She said he needed
someone who And she loved him with that bottle in
his hand And the only thing I can count on now is this
bottle in my hand I know I'll never have to share it
with any other man And I'm so glad you introduced us
Oh, I'll do the best I can To be faithful to this
bottle in my hand Yes, we'll be faithful to this
bottle in our
hand
Would you lay with me In a field of stone If my needs
were strong Would you lay with me
Should my lips grow dry Would you wet them dear In
the midnight hour Should my lips grow dry Would you
go away
To another land Walk a thousand miles Through the
burn
Wipe the blood away from my dying hand If I give
myself to you
In my
time
of trouble Will you stand by me? Would you go away To
another land? Walk a thousand miles Through the
burning sand And wipe the blood away From my dying
hand
If I give myself to you Would you lay with me In a
field of stone If my needs were strong Would you lay
with me?
Jack Daniels, if you please, knock me to my knees.
You're the only friend there has ever been.
Jack Daniels, if you please. Knock me to my
knees. You can kill this pain. It's driving me
insane. Since my baby's gone.
Cigarettes and whiskey.
Call my shaking hand. I just lost a lover
To a one night stand
Something temporary
Too late I had learned
Someone from the past Said it couldn't last A
bridge she could burn Jack Daniels, if
you please knock me to my knees. You're the only
friend there has ever been that didn't do me wrong.
Jack Daniels, if you please knock me to my knees.
You can kill this pain. It's driving me insane
since my baby's gone.
Promises were broken.
Dreams were left to
die. Empty words were spoken.
Tears were in our eyes.
Something
temporary Those tears will fade away Do
the
best you can Help me understand These games that
people play Jack Daniels, if you please Knock me to
my knees You're the only friend there has ever been
That didn't do me wrong Jack Daniels, if you please
Knock me to my knees You can kill this pain It's
drivin' me insane Since my baby's gone
You can kill this pain. It's driving me insane.
Since my baby's gone.
Take this job and shove it. I ain't working here no
more. My woman died and left and took all of the
reasons I was working for her. You better not try to
stand in my way When I walk out the door Take this job
and shove it I ain't working here no more
I've been working in this factory Pretty close to
15 years I've seen some of my best friends' women
Standing in a pool of tears I've seen a lot of
kinfolks dying Had a lot of bills to pay Lord, I'd
give the shirt right off in my bag If I had the guts to
say Take this job and shove it I ain't a-workin'
here no more And took all of the reasons I was
working for You
better not try to stand in my way When I walk out the
door Take this job and shove it I ain't working
Performing is a regular S.O.B. and the line boss,
he's a fool. He got himself a brand new flat top
haircut. Lord, he really thinks that's cool. One
of these days I'm gonna blow my top and there's
gonna be hell to pay. I can't wait to see their faces
When I get the nerve to say Take this job and shove it
I ain't a-workin' here no more A woman done left and
took all of the reasons I was working for
Better not try to stand in my way when I walk out the
door. Take this job and shove it. I ain't working
here no more. Take this job and
shove it.
I heard the burritos out in California Could fly
higher than the birds Roger McGuinn had a
twelve-string guitar It was like nothing I'd ever
heard And eagles flew in from the west coast Like
the birds they were trying to be Well, in Texas, the
tough turn to outlaw Like Willie and Waylon and me
Hey! Well, they say Texas music's in the make And
we've been making music that is free Doing
one-night stands, playing with our bands Willie,
Waylon, and me Oh!
They say the Beatles were just the beginning of
everything music could be. Just like the stones I
was rolling along, like a ship lost out on the sea.
And Joplin would die for the future, and Dylan
would write poetry. And in Texas the talk turned
out lost Like Willie and Waylon and me Hey, my name
is David Allen Cole And I'm from Dallas, Texas They
say Texas music's in the mix And we've been making
music that is free Doing one night stands Playing
with our bands Willie, Waylon and me Big Jim